---
layout: default
title: Terms of Sale
---

# Terms of Sale

yadda yadda yadda

## STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE

<p>These terms and conditions of sale (“<span style="text-decoration: underline;">Agreement</span>”) are applicable to any order placed with and accepted by Emergent Instruments, Inc. (referred to herein as “<span style="text-decoration: underline;">Supplier</span>”):</p>

<p><strong>1.</strong>      <strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">SCOPE OF AGREEMENT.</span></strong><strong>  </strong>Supplier, upon acceptance of an Order placed by Buyer, will supply the products and services specified in the Order (the “Work”) to Buyer, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and its exhibits and Supplier’s acceptance of such order submitted by Buyer is expressly limited to the terms and conditions of this Agreement notwithstanding any contrary provision contained in Buyer’s purchase orders, invoices, acknowledgements or other documents. The details of the Work (e.g. quantity, price, and product specifications) shall be set forth in the relevant Order.</p>
<p><strong>2.</strong>      <strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">PRICE AND TERMS.</span></strong>  (a) The prices payable by Buyer for goods and services to be supplied by Supplier under this Agreement will be specified in the applicable Order. Unless otherwise expressly stated in an Order, all prices exclude shipping and taxes. (b) Payment terms are net thirty (30) calendar days from the date of the invoice. If Buyer does not pay an invoiced amount within terms, Buyer will in addition pay finance charges of one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month on the late balance and Supplier reserves the right to (1) withhold shipment of the Work until full payment is made; and/or (2) revoke any credit extended to Buyer.  In the event that Buyer’s account is more than ninety (90) days in arrears, Buyer shall reimburse Supplier for the reasonable costs, including attorneys fees, of collecting such amounts from Buyer.  In the event of any dispute regarding an invoice, no finance charges will apply in the event that Buyer provides written notice of the dispute prior to the due date for such payment. (c) Upon reasonable request by the Supplier, Buyer shall provide copies of its most recent audited financial statements or other reasonable evidence of its financial capacity and such other information as Supplier reasonably requests to determine credit status or credits limits. (d) Buyer shall provide notice within five (5) business days of the occurrence of any event which materially affects Buyer’s ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement including but not limited to: (i) the material default of any supplier or sub-contractor. (e) Unless otherwise specified in the Order, Work will be delivered FOB Supplier’s manufacturing facility and will be shipped to Buyer via carriers selected by Supplier.</p>

<p><strong>3.</strong>      <strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">BUYER MATERIALS AND DATA.</span></strong>  (a) Buyer represents and warrants that any matter it furnishes for performance of services by Supplier (i) does not infringe any copyright or trademark or other Intellectual Property Rights of any third party; (ii) is not libelous or obscene; (iii) does not invade any persons right to privacy; and (iv) does not otherwise violate any laws or infringe the rights of any third party. (b) Buyer warrants that it has the right to use and to have Supplier use on behalf of Buyer any data provided to Supplier or its Affiliates by Buyer including specifically customer names, identifying information, addresses and other contact information and related personal information (“<span style="text-decoration: underline;">Data</span>”). Buyer further warrants that it will designate on the applicable Order if Data provided pursuant to that Order is subject to HIPAA, Gramm-Leach-Bliley or other statutes providing enhanced data protection or requiring enhanced data security procedures.</p>
<p><strong>4.</strong>      <strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.</span></strong>  Any and all inventions, discoveries, patent applications, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names, commercial symbols, trade secrets, work product and information embodying proprietary data existing and owned by Buyer as of the date of the Order or made or conceived by employees of Buyer during the Term of the Order shall be and remain the sole and exclusive property of Buyer provided that Buyer grants to Supplier a license to use, display and distribute (and to sub-license its affiliates and sub-contractors to use, display and distribute) any intellectual property rights delivered to Supplier as reasonably necessary to perform any Order. Any and all inventions, discoveries, patent applications, patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade names, commercial symbols, trade secrets, work product and information embodying proprietary data existing and owned by Supplier as of the date of the Order or made or conceived by employees, consultants, representatives or agents of Supplier during the term of this Agreement shall be and remain the sole and exclusive property of Supplier. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the parties agree that Supplier will own systems (including all web source code) related to the Services provided, including all modifications, upgrades and enhancements thereto made during the term of the Order.</p>
<p><strong>5.</strong>      <strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.</span></strong>  Any information that parties receive or otherwise have access to incidental to or in connection with this Agreement (collectively, the “Confidential Information”), shall be and remain the property of the disclosing party.  Confidential Information shall not include information which: (i) was in the possession of the Receiving Party at the time it was first disclosed by the Disclosing Party; (ii) was in the public domain at the time it was disclosed to the Receiving Party; (iii) enters the public domain through sources independent of the Receiving Party and through no breach of this provision by the Receiving Party; (iv) is made available by the Disclosing Party to a third party on an unrestricted, non-confidential basis; (v) was lawfully obtained by the Receiving Party from a third party not known by the Receiving Party to be under an obligation of confidentiality to the Disclosing Party; or (vi) was at any time developed by the Receiving Party independently of any disclosure by the Disclosing Party.  Confidential Information may be used to the extent necessary to perform this Agreement and the parties shall not disclose Confidential Information to any third party, except to its agents (who have executed confidentiality agreements containing terms substantially similar to the terms) as necessary to provide the Work hereunder.  In no event shall Buyer acquire any right, title or interest in and to any product or process information, including related know how, either existing or developed during the course of the business relationship with Supplier and Buyer, and in no event shall Supplier acquire any right, title, or interest in and to any materials or information provided to it by Buyer.</p>
<p><strong>6.</strong>      <strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">INDEMNIFICATION.</span></strong>  The Buyer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Supplier and its officers, directors, employees and agents from and against any and all claims, damages, liabilities, and expenses (including attorney fees) arising from any third-party claim based on Buyer&#8217;s breach of any representation, warranty, covenant, agreement, or obligation under the Order or this Agreement , or Buyer&#8217;s grossly negligent and/or willful acts in carrying out its obligations under the Order or the Agreement, provided that in no event shall Supplier be responsible for any claims arising out of its compliance with instructions, requirements, or specifications provided by or required by Buyer (including the use of information and materials provided by the Buyer).  Neither party will be responsible for indemnifying another party hereto where the basis of the indemnity claim arises out of such other party’s own negligence or willful misconduct.</p>
<p><strong>7.</strong>      <strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">BREACH.</span></strong><strong> </strong> In addition to all other rights to which a party is entitled under this Agreement, if either party breaches any term of the Order or the Agreement , the non-breaching party shall have the right to: (a) terminate the Order immediately upon written notice to the other party; and (b) seek to obtain injunctive relief to prevent such breach or to otherwise enforce the terms of this Agreement.  Failure to properly demand compliance or performance of any term of the Order or this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of Supplier’s rights hereunder and prior to any claim for damages being made for non-conformance or breach, Buyer shall provide Supplier with<strong> </strong>reasonable notice of any alleged deficiencies in the Work or performance under the Order or this Agreement and Supplier shall have a reasonable opportunity to cure any such alleged non-conformance or breach.</p>
<p><strong>8.</strong>      <strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">WARRANTY.</span></strong>  Supplier warrants that the Work shall reasonably conform to specifications in all material respects.  Supplier will not provide refunds for any Work conforming to specifications in all material respects.  Other than the warranties set forth in this section, Supplier makes no warranty of any kind, expressed or implied or otherwise whatsoever, that the services performed or any items produced will be merchantable or fit for any particular purpose or use.  In the event of any breach of any warranty specified in this provision, Buyer’s exclusive remedy shall be that Supplier shall, at its option, repair or replace any defective goods at no cost to Buyer or refund any purchase price paid for such Work.</p>
<p><strong>9.</strong>      <strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.</span></strong>  IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE HEREUNDER FOR INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES EVEN IF ADVISED IN ADVANCE OF THE POSSIBILITY FOR SUCH DAMAGES AND VENDOR’S TOTAL LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT AND THE ORDER SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE TOTAL FEES DUE HEREUNDER FOR THE INVOICE UPON WHICH A CLAIM IS BASED.</p>
<p><strong>10.</strong>  <strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">ASSIGNMENT.</span></strong>  Except as otherwise provided, the Order and this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties’ successors and lawful assigns.</p>
<p><strong>11.</strong>  <strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">GOVERNING LAW.</span></strong>  The Order and this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Indiana, without reference to conflicts of law principles.  Any legal suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Order or these this Agreement shall be commenced in a federal court in Indiana or in state court in the County of White, Indiana, and the appellate courts thereof, and each party hereto irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any such court in any such suit, action or proceeding.</p>
<p><strong>12.</strong>  <strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">FORCE MAJEURE.</span></strong>  Neither party shall be liable for any failure to perform or delay in performance of this Agreement to the extent that any such failure arises from acts of God, war, civil insurrection or disruption, riots, government act or regulation, strikes, lockouts, labor disruption, inability to obtain raw or finished materials, inability to secure transport, or any cause beyond such party’s commercially reasonable control.</p>
<p><strong>13.</strong>  <strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">SURVIVAL.</span></strong><strong>  </strong>In the event any provision of the Order or this Agreement is held by a tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to the law, the remaining provisions of the Order or this Agreement  will remain in full force and effect.  All sections herein relating to payment, ownership, confidentiality, indemnification and duties of defense, representations and warranties, waiver and provisions which by their terms extend beyond the Term shall survive the termination of the Order and this Agreement.</p>
<p><strong>14.</strong>  <strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">ENTIRE AGREEMENT.</span></strong><strong>  </strong>The Order, this Agreement and the operative provisions of any quotation issued by Supplier and any purchase order issued by Buyer, sets forth the entire agreement and understanding among the parties as to the subject matter hereof, and merges and supersedes all prior discussions, agreements, and understandings of every and any nature among them. No proposal, purchase order, order confirmation, acceptance, or any other document provided by either Party to the other, shall be deemed to amend the terms hereof and any such contradictory or additional terms shall be ineffective.  No party shall be bound by any condition, definition, warranty, or representations, other than as expressly set forth or provided for in the Order or this Agreement, or as may be, on or subsequent to the date hereof set forth in writing and signed by the party to be bound thereby. In the event of any ambiguity or conflict between any of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement and the terms and conditions contained in an Order, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control, unless the Parties have expressly provided in such Order that a specific provision in this Agreement is amended, in which case this Agreement shall be so amended, but only with respect to such Order. The Order or this Agreement may not be amended, supplemented, changed, or modified, except by agreement in writing signed by the parties to be bound thereby.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
